Jiang Yan, this dress is so beautiful, haha, it's new.
Jiang Yan
It seems that your family Yiqiu has made a lot of money gambling recently.
I'm willing to buy you such an expensive woolen coat
Yes, such a woolen coat costs 100 yuan, right?
The Yiqiu family is so poor
Also buy clothes like this
The poorer you are, the more you pretend
If my man buys me something with gambling money
I already threw it in the trash
It's not a gamble my man made
It's not a bet
Is that a stolen one?
What are you talking about?
What was stolen?
It wasn't stolen. What's your hurry?
Besides, what's up with your husband?
It's spread all over the country
He knows nothing but deception
What does my husband have to do with you?
Of course it does.
The clothes your husband stole
I'll let you take it off now
What is it handed over to the security department for?
Can't I tell you to take it off now?
I told you.
This dress wasn't stolen by my man
He didn't gamble
He earned it with both hands